doc/src/api/context-management.md, before:

## Context Management

### `PrismConfig`

A struct containing configuration parameters for Prism or it's back-ends to use.

#### Syntax

```c
typedef struct {
  uint8_t version;
  JNIEnv *jni_env;
  HWND hwnd;
} PrismConfig;
```

#### Members

`version`

The version of this structure. This field MUST NOT be modified.

`jni_env`

An environment for the [Java Native Interface](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/25/docs/specs/jni/intro.html) (JNI). This field is only available on platforms where the JNI is used.

`hwnd`

A handle to the root window of an application. Required for the UIA backend to function. Only present on Windows. If the handle is an invalid handle or `INVALID_HANDLE_VALUE`, the UIA backend will NOT initialize.

#### Remarks

This struct contains configuration information for Prism. The version field will be incremented by `1` whenever a new field is added or removed.

Certain fields in this structure may only be available on certain platforms. Attempting to read or write to them on platforms where these fields are not useful is a compilation error.

On Android, `jni_env` MUST be set by the caller for android back-ends to be available. Failure to set this field will cause these back-ends to not initialize.

On Windows, the caller MUST set `hwnd` to the root window of their application. This MUST NOT be a child window or popup. If `hwnd` is `INVALID_HANDLE_VALUE`, or the UIA back-end determines that the handle is NOT the root window of the calling application, it will NOT initialize.

### prism_config_init

Creates a new configuration structure which can be passed to `prism_init`.

#### Syntax

```c
PrismConfig prism_config_init(void);
```

#### Parameters

This function has no parameters.

#### Returns

A stack-allocated `PrismConfig` struct, returned by value.

#### Remarks

This function can be used to create a `PrismConfig` struct which can later be passed to `prism_init`. It is not an error to not call this function or to pass `NULL` to `prism_init`. This struct can be used to perform configuration of Prism before the library is initialized; for example, it is used to pass platform-specific data to the library for back-ends to use.

### prism_init

Creates a new Prism context.

#### Syntax

```c
PrismContext *prism_init(PrismConfig* cfg);
```

#### Parameters

`cfg`

The configuration struct created by `prism_config_init`. This MAY be `NULL`.

#### Return Value

Returns a pointer to a newly allocated `PrismContext` on success. Returns `NULL` if memory allocation fails.

#### Remarks

`prism_init` is the entry point to the Prism library. Before calling any other Prism function (except `prism_error_string`), an application MUST call `prism_init` to obtain a context.

Each call to `prism_init` creates an independent context. Multiple contexts MAY exist simultaneously, and each context provides access to the same global backend registry, including its cache. A cached backend instance created through one context is visible from all other contexts.

The returned context is owned by the caller. When the context is no longer needed, it MUST be passed to `prism_shutdown` to release resources. Failure to call `prism_shutdown` results in a memory leak.

Because `prism_init` only allocates a small control structure and obtains a reference to the global backend registry, it is a lightweight operation that is unlikely to fail except under severe memory pressure.

Applications typically call `prism_init` once at startup and `prism_shutdown` once at exit. However, there is no prohibition against creating and destroying contexts multiple times throughout the application's lifetime. However, note that doing so (or having multiple contexts) provides no actual benefit.

#### Example

```c
PrismContext *ctx = prism_init(NULL);
if (!ctx) {
    fprintf(stderr, "Failed to initialize Prism\n");
    return 1;
}
/* Use Prism... */
prism_shutdown(ctx);
```

### prism_shutdown

Destroys a Prism context and releases associated resources.

#### Syntax

```c
void prism_shutdown(PrismContext *ctx);
```

#### Parameters

`ctx`

The context to destroy. This parameter MAY be `NULL`.

#### Return Value

This function does not return a value.

#### Remarks

`prism_shutdown` releases all resources associated with a Prism context. After this function returns, the `ctx` pointer is invalid and MUST NOT be used for any purpose, including being passed to `prism_shutdown` again.

If `ctx` is `NULL`, this function has no effect. This allows applications to unconditionally call `prism_shutdown` in cleanup code without checking whether initialization succeeded.

This function does not automatically free backend instances that were obtained from the context. If any backends obtained via `prism_registry_create`, `prism_registry_create_best`, `prism_registry_acquire`, or `prism_registry_acquire_best` are still alive when `prism_shutdown` is called, those backends remain valid and may continue to be used. However, once `prism_shutdown` returns, no new backends can be obtained using that context.

The relationship between contexts and backends is asymmetric: contexts do not own backends, but the underlying backend registry (which is global) continues to exist as long as the process runs. Applications that wish to ensure all speech is stopped and all resources are released SHOULD explicitly call `prism_backend_stop` and `prism_backend_free` on all backends before calling `prism_shutdown`.

If multiple threads are using the same context, the application MUST ensure that no other thread is calling any Prism function on that context when `prism_shutdown` is called. Calling `prism_shutdown` while another thread is in the middle of a registry operation results in undefined behavior.

#### Example

```c
/* At application shutdown */
if (backend) {
    prism_backend_stop(backend);
    prism_backend_free(backend);
    backend = NULL;
}
prism_shutdown(ctx);
ctx = NULL;
```

Commit message:

Deprecate jni_env and hwnd of the config struct and enable the UIA backend to auto-discover the window it should use

doc/src/api/context-management.md, after:

## Context Management

### `PrismConfig`

A struct containing configuration parameters for Prism or it's back-ends to use.

#### Syntax

```c
typedef struct {
  uint8_t version;
  JNIEnv *jni_env;
  HWND hwnd;
} PrismConfig;
```

#### Members

`version`

The version of this structure. This field MUST NOT be modified.

`jni_env`

This field is deprecated and has no effect. It will be removed in 0.8.0. Previously, it held an environment for the [Java Native Interface](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/25/docs/specs/jni/intro.html) (JNI). This field is only available on platforms where the JNI is used.

`hwnd`

This field is deprecated and has no effect. It will be removed in 0.8.0. Previously, it was a handle to the root window of an application. This field is only available on Windows.

#### Remarks

This struct contains configuration information for Prism. The version field will be incremented by `1` whenever a new field is added or removed.

Certain fields in this structure may only be available on certain platforms. Attempting to read or write to them on platforms where these fields are not useful is a compilation error.

### prism_config_init

Creates a new configuration structure which can be passed to `prism_init`.

#### Syntax

```c
PrismConfig prism_config_init(void);
```

#### Parameters

This function has no parameters.

#### Returns

A stack-allocated `PrismConfig` struct, returned by value.

#### Remarks

This function can be used to create a `PrismConfig` struct which can later be passed to `prism_init`. It is not an error to not call this function or to pass `NULL` to `prism_init`. This struct can be used to perform configuration of Prism before the library is initialized; for example, it is used to pass platform-specific data to the library for back-ends to use.

### prism_init

Creates a new Prism context.

#### Syntax

```c
PrismContext *prism_init(PrismConfig* cfg);
```

#### Parameters

`cfg`

The configuration struct created by `prism_config_init`. This MAY be `NULL`.

#### Return Value

Returns a pointer to a newly allocated `PrismContext` on success. Returns `NULL` if memory allocation fails.

#### Remarks

`prism_init` is the entry point to the Prism library. Before calling any other Prism function (except `prism_error_string`), an application MUST call `prism_init` to obtain a context.

Each call to `prism_init` creates an independent context. Multiple contexts MAY exist simultaneously, and each context provides access to the same global backend registry, including its cache. A cached backend instance created through one context is visible from all other contexts.

The returned context is owned by the caller. When the context is no longer needed, it MUST be passed to `prism_shutdown` to release resources. Failure to call `prism_shutdown` results in a memory leak.

Because `prism_init` only allocates a small control structure and obtains a reference to the global backend registry, it is a lightweight operation that is unlikely to fail except under severe memory pressure.

Applications typically call `prism_init` once at startup and `prism_shutdown` once at exit. However, there is no prohibition against creating and destroying contexts multiple times throughout the application's lifetime. However, note that doing so (or having multiple contexts) provides no actual benefit.

#### Example

```c
PrismContext *ctx = prism_init(NULL);
if (!ctx) {
    fprintf(stderr, "Failed to initialize Prism\n");
    return 1;
}
/* Use Prism... */
prism_shutdown(ctx);
```

### prism_shutdown

Destroys a Prism context and releases associated resources.

#### Syntax

```c
void prism_shutdown(PrismContext *ctx);
```

#### Parameters

`ctx`

The context to destroy. This parameter MAY be `NULL`.

#### Return Value

This function does not return a value.

#### Remarks

`prism_shutdown` releases all resources associated with a Prism context. After this function returns, the `ctx` pointer is invalid and MUST NOT be used for any purpose, including being passed to `prism_shutdown` again.

If `ctx` is `NULL`, this function has no effect. This allows applications to unconditionally call `prism_shutdown` in cleanup code without checking whether initialization succeeded.

This function does not automatically free backend instances that were obtained from the context. If any backends obtained via `prism_registry_create`, `prism_registry_create_best`, `prism_registry_acquire`, or `prism_registry_acquire_best` are still alive when `prism_shutdown` is called, those backends remain valid and may continue to be used. However, once `prism_shutdown` returns, no new backends can be obtained using that context.

The relationship between contexts and backends is asymmetric: contexts do not own backends, but the underlying backend registry (which is global) continues to exist as long as the process runs. Applications that wish to ensure all speech is stopped and all resources are released SHOULD explicitly call `prism_backend_stop` and `prism_backend_free` on all backends before calling `prism_shutdown`.

If multiple threads are using the same context, the application MUST ensure that no other thread is calling any Prism function on that context when `prism_shutdown` is called. Calling `prism_shutdown` while another thread is in the middle of a registry operation results in undefined behavior.

#### Example

```c
/* At application shutdown */
if (backend) {
    prism_backend_stop(backend);
    prism_backend_free(backend);
    backend = NULL;
}
prism_shutdown(ctx);
ctx = NULL;
```
